look here's the bottom line guys it's
it's very simple either a the reality is
that UAP are here or B this is some form
of mass hysteria and if it is Masseria
that means you have Admirals generals
trained pilots with top secret
clearances weapons officers Air Force
nuclear technicians literally with their
fingers on the nuclear button y right
that are all B crazy Lu Alando L Alando
aland L
aland what is going on this aliens we
call them uaps nonhuman NH Tic Tac Black
Cube jellyfish flowing red triangular
craft better than our airplane that's
nuts you can't stop a United pilot from
posting a Tik Tok the white lettering
under interference syndrome injuries
what's going on there I have to be
careful treat that question okay no wor
are we ready to tell the American people
the truth about
UFOs Livingston I
presume how's it going
hey brother how are you good man got the
back in action's do it guys I see you
hey jent by the way you're not going to
believe this this gentleman here Mr Hill
was living here in Washington DC in 1952
during the famous UFO incident here over
Washington and he was us no way we just
picked it up right now him and his
father were sitting on the front porch
and he actually witnessed the UFO event
here over the capito building one of the
last few people that I knew that
actually can tell this story we got to
interview you I literally just met him
right now but about 10 minutes ago yeah
you know who this guy is yeah I knew the
face when he came to the door I said no
no know he
said I told him he should have just
turned me
away absolutely
not first off I want to give a huge
thanks to delete me for sponsoring
today's video today's guest is The Man
Behind modern UFO disclosure hey him or
love him there's a high chance you
wouldn't even be thinking or talking
about UFOs right now if it weren't for
this man and his work over the last
eight years what's it like to be me I
wouldn't want anybody to have to be me I
don't want to be me um in this
particular case because it's very tough
you're right half of the government
hates What I've Done um they they
consider it talking out of school and of
course you're right half the public
doesn't know what to think right am I
disinformation agent I go all these
things around here from various
intelligence agencies right I can't be
trusted no way what how you doing sir
nice to meet you oh my God I'm L
actually geeking out for like the first
time ever sir your name Nate Nate nice
to meet you
sir sure if you want no sweat do you
like make videos or something no that's
this guy who Mak videos he's a famous
YouTuber not me let me get this behind
too here come on guys the devil's to and
runs into this guy Luis elzando is a
pentagon whistleblower whose Fame has
reached New Heights with his
autobiography imminent in which he
discusses the existence of American
Legacy UFO reverse engineering programs
and of non-human intelligence the fact
that we are not alone I don't think the
fact that we are not alone in this
universe is necessarily A something that
needs to be classified he was the
director of atip or the advanced aerial
threat identification program which was
an offshoot of assab or the advanced
Aerospace Weapons Systems application
program I know a lot of acronyms we'll
help you understand these programs and
what they were actually intended for
later in the episode because there are a
lot of popular misconceptions about
both
[Music]
baby this is great
yeah this interview took place across
two locations L's home in Wyoming we f
this 2 years ago in a certain special
Naval Lodge in Washington DC this August
wow Masonic temple a lot of our founding
fathers were freem and uh a lot of these
buildings were built by and inspired by
freem you have the pyramid and the eye
on the dollar and oh yeah yeah a lot of
symbol even the Pentagon itself the
shape of the Pentagon the way all the
lefant basically the architect who built
DC yeah if you look at the street from
the Aira you see the Square Encompass so
inter I didn't know that
yep I brought along AAR candel one of my
best friends in onethird of the
incredible YouTube channel yes Theory to
help here and we had an absolute blast
the dissemination of information is now
exists in a way that it cannot be
controlled you know until recently I'd
never seen close encounters with Third
Kind I found it really interesting that
Spielberg got a lot of it right I was
like
Wow before a lose pivot role in UFO
investigations he had an extremely
intense history in American Special
Operations Warfare and intelligence they
seen both the best of man and the worst
of
man all within seconds of each
other his father Lou senior was a Cuban
Exile who originally fought
shoulder-to-shoulder with Castro
after falling out with the Cuban
Communists and coming to America he
became part of the cia's Bay of Pigs
invasion to toppel castra finally he
joined a hardcore militant group of
Cuban Exiles called Alpha 66 that
engaged in all sorts of very interesting
Rogue operations for three-letter
agencies Alpha 66's explicit mission was
to eventually invade Cuba and toel
castra this was the environment elzando
grew up in little Lou knew how to work
every gun under the
sun here's how you this pull it
back let it
go bang bang bang bang bang bang bang
bang great that's
insane he went on to fulfill a pretty
badass career in American defense and
intelligence protecting the US's most
Advanced Technologies running
intelligence efforts against Isis
Al-Qaeda Hezbollah the Taliban and farc
he's been deployed across the world and
he even held a leadership position at
the notorious Guantanamo Bay perhaps
most importantly he was a liazon to the
special access oversight committee why
does that even matter because this
committee deals with the most sensitive
unacknowledged programs in our military
finally according to Future guest of
this show Matthew Pines blou even was a
member of the US Army intelligence
support activity group otherwise known
as gray fox this was a tiny Elite of the
elite special missions unit that goes
into hostile territory before Delta
Force and jok and if you know anything
about jok they might have a thing or two
to do with UFO crash retrievals does the
Dey currently work with jck we uh work
with all of the security entities around
the federal government do you guys work
with J yes or no uh yes we do okay
everybody say I want to know the truth
okay but but how much of the truth do
you want to know and how much should we
know in 2017 after trying to brief
General madg Mattis on UFOs and having
the door shut in his face by some
bureaucratic intermediaries elzando
along with his friend former deputy
assistant secretary for defense
intelligence Chris melon decided to go
off script they took matters into their
own hands and they got three UFO videos
cleared for release by the Pentagon they
took those videos to the New York Times
for a bombshell article that was
released in 2017
since that fateful day UFOs have been
all the rage movies media press it is
now passade to say that you believe in
UFOs it's a cottage industry and yet
simultaneously very few people can tell
you anything about them who their
occupants are where they're from and why
they're here this is a a raging Wildfire
now and it's not because of me I can't
take credit for that that's because of
what your generation has done with
it when we're off camera I'm going to
show you guys something we we'll see how
you react okay wow Lou cannot violate
any security clearances and so sometimes
conversations with him can be
frustratingly high level is there some
spectrum that spots the UFOs more
frequently uh H I have to be careful
answering that question okay no worries
there's um it's a good question okay but
if you suspend your cynicism for a
moment and actually take some of his
highlevel analogies as very important
puzzles to decode core truths underneath
layers that need to be peeled off
carefully this interview has a startling
amount of information okay I'm saying
this not you but I think uh I think
infrared is interesting look it is yeah
infrared can tell you a whole lot of
stuff yeah specific band of
yeah we know that UAP are interested in
nuclear capabilities and our military
capabilities it's no different than we
go to the sereniti and we watch the
Cheetahs praying upon the analou you
know it's it's interesting to watch what
are their hunting techniques what are
their
[Music]
capabilities there's a lot of occult
history occult history in
NASA from the catastrophic implications
of weaponizing UFO technology to the
esoteric roots of the American Space
Program to alien chips implanted in
human bodies one of which Lou actually
handled firsthand it was moving under
the microscope under its own metabolism
to regularly seeing green orbs in his
house to him astrop projecting himself
next to a terrorist as a part of a CIA
operation to his formerly undisclosed
work with David grush we both worked in
a ski together I am telling you straight
up that guy he knows a lot more even
than he was allowed to say the amount of
reality altering claims Lou makes in
this episode could warrant a hundred
other episodes they seem to be
interested in nuclear stuff there is an
absolute connection to nuclear yeah
absolutely and and is it that's
unequivocal do you think it's the power
unlock more than the destructive
force I
think so without further Ado sit back
and enjoy this well- Blended multi-year
and multilocation interview cocktail and
astral tour of esoteric knowledge with
this week's American Alchemist Luis
elzando before we get to the crazy stuff
I would be remiss to not mention today's
amazing sponsor delete me if you're into
esoteric truths and Forbidden Knowledge
you probably don't want your personal
information floating around on the web
seriously for most of us it's everywhere
you have these sketchy data broker sites
buying and selling your data your name
your age address photos phone numbers
even your social security number many of
these thirdparty sites list your
information for everyone to see
including possible Bad actors you can
get harassed doxed attacked and be
subject to all sorts of fishing scams
malware and of course given the time
we're in Annoying political messages
I've probably gotten five political
texts just in the making of this video
that's why delete me scour the internet
on your behalf searches for your
personal information and removes it
you'll receive a detailed report in 7
days and get a really clean dashboard
with where your information was listed
what was removed and if any further
takedowns can be requested it's dead
simple all you have to do is submit your
information and delete me will do the
rest for you even continuously removing
your information from the web as
different data Brokers get a hold of it
you can also get assigned unique privacy
adviser who can answer all of your
questions dealing with a human being was
incredibly refreshing for me most of
delet me's competitors of kind of
customer service spots you deal with
finally delete me provides regular
privacy reports that will show you how
much data was found on you where it was
found and where it was removed seriously
I've used a couple of these services and
deleted me with their robust dashboard
and really intentional customer service
where you deal with human beings Rises
Above the Rest they have Global coverage
but are headquartered in the US again
for really top customer support if
something goes wrong they're always
available to help I personally of course
use this it's pretty astounding I'm
going to keep it high level because I
don't want anti-is forces using this
against me but just go out and use it
you'll be amazed remove your personal
information from the web now and go to
join delet me.com sj20 and use code
jesse2 for 20% off thanks again to
delete me for sponsoring this video
remember to sign up in the description
below for a big discount doing that
supports this Channel and it allows me
to keep doing this so I don't have to
get a real
job yes so my father and I were sitting
on the back porch and U you happen to
look up and see it looks like four W wav
or something were likes four of them
then Trea about near Four behind me and
I asked my father what was it he bu
little B me say I know how did which
direction did your house face your porch
my porch was like the 13th and E 12
blocks from here from the from the
capital right off half a block off of
Pennsylvania Avenue and my back porch uh
from my back por you can see the
capital this show contained a lot of
bizarre synchronicities that I have
trouble explaining in fact the
groundskeeper of this Lodge an
82-year-old man named Marice Hill
recognized Lou before we even got there
and started to open up about his own UFO
encounters soon we learned that he was
one of the last living Witnesses of the
famous DC flyover a slew of UFO
sightings in July of 1952 in the capital
prompting headlines like this newspaper
article and a call between Truman and
then American Chief UFO investigator
Edward J Rupel it also sent the CIA into
a frenzy about how to manage the UFO
problem we can say that the recent
sightings are in no way connected with
any secret development by any Department
of the United States there's been a lot
of discussion that actually there were
some I think it was an f105 U fighter
jet that was actually scrambled to
intercept those lights those luminous
objects and there's even one report
reported account where perhaps uh they
were asked to fire upon and may have
actually hit one of them um that has not
been verified yet but there are some
allegations about that me and uh two of
my friends were standing uh on the
sidewalk talking down on Wy Street
Northeast and while we were talking just
happened to look up to see this thing
going up in the air look like a huge
jellyfish say what the hell is a
jellyfish doing up going and it just was
going up and up and like a jellyfish was
in the water or whatever at the bottom
of it looking at
it it looks like looking into a volcano
when you see a redish and black lav
bubbling yeah lava bubbling or whatever
that's what it look like under the
bottom of it first of all when when did
this occur what what year that was in
the 70s uh around
7374 somewhere early to mid 70s yeah
okay and was that here in Washington DC
yeah do you remember what direction you
were looking at in the
sky yeah
um that wait Southeast how far away and
how big was the object if you had to
guess that thing was big it was about
the size of a maybe a car like a round
but was round about the size of a car
and it was about when I first saw it it
was like like looking at
that and then it looked like it was just
going up and
almost like a parachute is that a yeah
like a parachute like but it was just
going interesting well how high is this
about 30 ft yeah we're roughly about 30
ft well that was about 45 or 50 ft just
a little higher than wow when UFO
researcher Jeremy Corbell released a
video that was caught in Iraq in 2018 of
a jellyfish shaped UFO I have to admit I
was a bit skeptical it just felt like
the object looked like none of the other
discs Tic Tacs saucers that get reported
it was extremely high strangeness and so
hearing this groundskeeper Maurice Hill
saying that he himself had had an up
close and personal encounter with a
jellyfish shaped UFO was actually pretty
mind-blowing and was fairly confirming
for me well thank you for your time sir
it's been an honor and privilege thank
you very much Mr Hill oh you will thank
you thank you for telling that story for
us so that's amazing both the DC flyover
and the jelly right and by the way
there's other accounts of jellyfish a
lot I know that's fascinating oh yeah
there's actually a DVD on it I actually
said it too yeah are they dropping
anything because I know there's some
cases where there's molten lava and
whatnot yeah well some M there's a
there's a reference to something called
angel hair uh which refers to a sing off
or sloughing off of of the outer layer
of the vehicle and it drips down onto
onto almost like a like a residue or
like a like molten metal on the ground
um and that that is referred to as angel
hair I talked about in my book that the
external part of the craft may be
ablative sacrificial um that's why
there's a lot of layers potentially what
happens is that when it's Juiced up um
there is an interaction between the
energy source and the outside of the
craft which is actually the engine it's
not actually an engine inside and that
is what creates that bubble but every
time you Juice It Up you lose a
layer it's disposable correct
[Music]
when you talk to people that that quote
unquote call themselves experiencers or
quote unquote abductees they'll say the
same thing there's this recurrent
pattern where it's almost as if an
individual is chosen and what you saw in
the movie last night was was a a kind of
a I think a hat tip to that uh notion
that that
it's not random that that there is
definitely some sort of deliberateness
if you will or purposeful
[Music]
selection you you handled a an implant
uh and it was it was uh the department
of of of veter Affairs uh gave you this
implant that's you describe it as these
fibers these spindly fibers and then you
sort of you you you get those away from
the thing it's this like microchip is
that right so it's let me give you the
best explanation I can imagine a little
square piece of metal M that was
iridescent meaning different colors
purples and Silvers and different colors
that was inomed in a soft gelatinous
what appeared to be human soft tissue if
you were to remove a tissue sample from
somebody maybe about this big and inside
there was a foreign object that was
metallic appeared to be metallic and and
multicolor and on the biological
material this encapsulation these fibers
multicolored fibers yellows greens blues
that came off of that that Central piece
of gooey Mass um and according to the
pathologist it was moving under the
microscope under its own metabolism wow
yeah and it was removed by a surgeon
from the Department of Veterans Affairs
from a US veteran who claimed to have a
up close and personal
contact with the
UAP occupants or just UAP uh I don't
know about that particular case and I
have to be very careful there's an
implant Hippa and patient conf
confidentiality um where do we have any
sense of where that implant is or we
have an idea okay are you familiar with
Whitley's striber story I am not well so
Whitley has has an implant in his ear
that has been documented under like an
x-ray and and in an attempt for him to
to extract it it had the same behavior
it evaded the surgeon so we have someone
right now there's a a person at one of
the Aerospace corporations I cannot say
their name because I don't want to get
them any kind of trouble but they've had
something moving in their body now for
several years and they keep loating in
different parts of the body yeah and I I
I've asked Whitley about it because he
was at Soul conference and uh I asked
him like why he never why he never
removed it and if I remember correctly
it was something around like he just he
he felt like maybe there was maybe this
was the an's way of communicating with
him and he didn't want to he didn't want
to interrupt that and I it was also his
his his late wife he she had recommended
that he doesn't he doesn't take it
out I know that there's a story about
Edgar Mitchell who was a naval astronaut
who said that in a in a training Mission
over Germany he saw over multiple days
saw a squadron of like n
UFOs that that flew in all these
different formations and he had footage
of them they said that when he got back
to the US in Washington as soon as he
landed a military plane landed took the
footage never heard about it again yeah
I mean look it's it's not uncommon let's
let's talk about one of the the founders
of my program atip Senator Stevens from
Alaska this was a World War II pilot he
who he himself admitted he had
encounters with Foo Fighters during the
war okay and this is a senator figh Foo
Fighters yeah so the Foo Fighter is a um
it's a term that was used by the Allies
for UFOs that would chase the aircraft
and follow them from during their uh
during their operations M operations
over uh occupi Germany and other places
as well it was um so where does all
this where do all these videos and and
reportings end
up uh that's a great question um
one I probably can't answer right now
but hopefully soon for the food Fighters
they seem like
uh more like flare style or like like
ball ball lightning sort of things some
were some were actual technical crafts a
lot were described as as as you know
glowing balls if you will of light
luminous luminous objects yeah um but
there's actually pictures of them so why
did so many cuz the food Fighters were
famous 1944 and 1945 in a specific kind
of triangle M of Southern Germany so why
why do you think those things kind of
popped up there specifically well
military operations right we know that U
are interested in nuclear capabilities
and our military capabilities so um what
was going on at the height of World War
II well winter takes all both countries
are trying to be the first to develop
the atomic bomb right and a lot of new
technology was being fielded by both
sides and a winner takes all scenario so
you know if you wanted to see how it's
no different than we go to the sereniti
and we watch the cheetah praying upon
the analou you know it's it's
interesting to watch what are their
hunting techniques what are their
capabilities is Edgar Mitchel sort of uh
pattern match to a specific type of
abductee who almost has an uh conversion
experience post experience so they have
some sort of close encounter maybe maybe
of you know with the or of the Third
Kind and then afterwards they start to
believe more in Mind Over Matter more in
sort of uh
parasytes that they never had prior well
you know a lot of people who
experience life-changing events no
different than PTSD right and soldiers
who who suffer some sort of trauma or
drama mhm uh you that changes you yeah
it will change you it can change the way
you think the way you perceive uh I
don't think it's that really far of a
leap to suggest that if you have a
extraordinary experience that it's going
to change your life in an extraordinary
way MH well yeah like Yuri Gall says
that he had an ET experience as a young
kid Mitchell tells me one day Edgar
Mitchell the six man Paul 14 who walked
on the moon URI there's somebody very
important in NASA secret base that wants
to meet you I say fine who is he and he
says to me it's Dr verer V Brown I say
what Dr ven Brown wants to meet me
grandfather of the Space Program he was
a Nazi well yeah I mean but he was a
rocket genius my curiosity killed me I
said let's go verer pulls out a piece of
metal and he says to me URI touch this
tell me what you feel I put my fingers
on it and I say wow it doesn't feel like
it's from here then he says come with me
do you see this door behind him ver
Brown takes me into his personal office
there is a safe in the office he opens a
safe I see a piece of metal I've never
seen such a color pulls it out it's not
heavy says URI touch this tell me what
you feel now I put my hand on it and I
say verer this is not from here he says
you're right this is a piece of a UFO
that crashed on our planet you know I'm
mind blown because as a child I used to
sneak into movie theaters in Tel Aviv to
see films on extraterrestrial life and
this is coming from the mouth of verer V
Brown I think he was part of the
starting of Stargate right originally
the
uh tangentially he met Russell tar he
was the really the guy who brought the
V2 rocket yeah uh in which is really
just like a scud missile well what I
find so crazy rocket he and Arthur
Rudolph and created the the nas Saturn
program that was 129 people it was a
transplant of the Nazi program
absolutely and have't worked secretly
with us yeah it's pretty nuts yeah and
you had a bunch of other Auto scor you
had a bunch of people we took over y
from uh Germany is there anything more
kind of uh mystical or strange than me
to the eye when it comes to the history
of US rocketry sure look at Launchpad 33
I mean everything is Masonic look at the
Apollo missions these are all the the
zodiac signs right you have Apollo and
you have the Juno missions and you have
all these you know Mercury missions and
there's a lot of occult history mhm ult
history history in
NASA as Lou mentions here even the
conventional American Space Program NASA
the Saturn and Apollo programs have far
more esoteric Roots than meet the eye
some of the top American astronauts were
Freemasons Buzz Aldren Gordon Cooper Don
F Isel Gus grup James Irwin and Edgar
Mitchell were all Freemasons another
famed astronaut of the highest 33rd
Masonic rank was the famous John
Glenn who urged Harry Reid to
investigate UFOs as part of
Asa Buzz aldron even established a
masonic lodge on the Moon called
Tranquility Lodge 2000 chartered by the
Grand Lodge of Texas and brought a
freemasonic Scottish R flag to the Moon
to consecrate the whole
thing do you think that somehow made the
program more effective or well I mean
look whether it did or not I mean if
people have a belief in something you
know there's like there's that old
saying there's no such thing as an
atheist in a foxhole the idea or notion
that people that the supernatural can
assist you is no different than than
back the Romans carrying talismans into
combat or or conferring with the Oracles
of Deli before a a major battle a
significant event right and what about
the start of the American Space Program
Jack parsons's The Godfather of American
rocketry and founder of jet propulsion
Laboratories would often recite a
cultist Alistair Crowley's version of
the him toan before every rocket
test
two where L waves
are he also claimed to have encountered
a blond-haired alien following a ritual
in the Mojave Desert in 1948 hi there
are you interested in the white house so
Jack Parsons was in the the Oto you know
this uh crazy cult mhm uh
yeah with Alistair Crowley and all that
and they would do past life regressions
Jack Parson if you go all the way to the
Past in terms of what his his life was
blood it's called Sex Magic it was some
of the the the the occult aspects of oo
yeah the sex magic rituals yeah they did
that and but his his past life
regression was Simon the Sorcerer And
you you know Simon the Sorcerer was so
Simon the Sorcerer that how the word
simony came into existence is he was
using sort of black magic to levitate
and then he saw I think it was like
Peter and Paul uh they were levitating
because of God and he was like and the
disciples yeah the disciples and he was
like okay like you guys are somehow
levitating higher than me I'd love to
pay for that power so that's where the
word simony comes from and so he could
fly using the sort of black magic sort
of thing Jack Parson's uh was sort of a
known occultist who would do all sorts
of weird sex magic rituals and uh also
was very interested in kind of
levitation when they did a past life
regression on him apparently that was
what they wow yeah and just listen to
what religious studies Professor Diana
Pula had to say in our interview about
just how religious and interested in
Latin and Greek rituals people in the
space program are yes they were doing
some extraordinary types of rituals and
they definitely belied that they were in
touch with these beings they presented
them differently so the Parsons crew
yeah they were way out there and they
were doing this in the LA desert right
and stuff and they were doing ritual
magic and they believed that they were
in contact with you know
extraterrestrials and things like that
all right um in the on the Russian side
though they were doing the same thing
but it was under a Christian veneer so
chowski believed that he was actually in
touch with Angelic beings and he talks
about and writes about it and that these
beings are in constant contact with us
if we if we're able to receive their
knowledge and there's been this weird
Progressive split in science from like
if you look at any of the most
interesting scientists back in the day
who've contributed most to science
whether it was Newton or bacon or you
know Jack Parsons was more of an
industry man but like all of these
people dabbled in some weird beliefs and
practices and now it's this weird set of
where like you have to be this very
straight edge materialist reductionist
in the kind of Ivory Tower and then
there's like woo woo you know people
that write about how quantum physics is
is the law of attraction but there's no
real scientific Bas and it's this
bizarre bifurcation that I think has
caused real stagnation you have religion
and you have science right think of it
as think of it you're Egyptian right
think of a pyramid right on one side of
the the pyramid you have these wonderful
Stones making the pyramid right and on
the other side you have this thing
called signs right and when you're
standing at the base of the pyramid and
you're looking up okay when I'm on this
side I'm on science religion could not
be any further they are they almost
diametrically right cool yeah but as you
begin to climb the pyramid what happens
Point religion and science get closer
and closer together and in fact they
lean on each other they need each other
and in fact there comes a point of
singular ity here where the difference
between science and religion is
indistinguishable they are the same yeah
and the point being is that the problem
where religion and science run into
problem is that they're fundamentally
asking two different questions one is
asking how one is asking why and that is
why the two don't meet at the bottom if
you read the Torah and the there's the
stories that we grew up learning and
then there's you know cabala which was
kind of that part that most people were
like hey you know you don't want to
spend tooo much time reading that let
let the let the experts you know focus
on that um but there's a lot of this
both science and mysticism we were
talking about the Quran here and and
some of
the the numerology that is in there when
I say numerology I don't mean in a
classic sense numerology what I mean is
the ratios the way words are spoken how
they're spoken and how they relate to
real Day science and you have to say
wait a minute there is some insight here
that goes Way Beyond I mean there is
true hard science of the development of
the fetus it's another example that that
you you have this beautiful marriage
this beautiful merger of religion and
Science and this understanding that you
have to have both that the spiritual
world the physical world are all part of
the the the bigger plane do you know
where the word Angel comes from no comes
from the Latin word anelios uhhuh Angel
Andia sun or light or fire uhhuh Purity
it's a ter term to
describe the
supernatural properties of these
supernatural
beings do you think the you know rumors
that the Nazis had a flying saucer you
know do you think that's Sher me uh well
they I think they certainly tried I mean
there's you know the experiments DEA
which were which
were now known and other ones and
they're Foo Fighters over
Bavaria but in reality they they did not
have the
technology that we're seeing today mhm
it just do you do you think there's all
the stuff around you you know what
operation high jump is of course you
think that's a story where
Admiral Richard Bird Goes Down the coast
of Argentina towards Antarctica and he
and his Fleet encounter laser shooting
discs the problem is I also said a lot
of other things right found green spaces
in Antarctica and other things and the
problem with it is you can get on Google
Now you can see for yourself that that's
yeah do you think so you think
there's nothing to the Nazi or Hitler
Fascination no they were they were
fascinated Antarctica they had several
missions down there yeah I mean it was a
it was a hidden continent yeah you know
I
mean no there there was absolute truth
to that yeah question is were they
successful in exploiting it yeah and the
answer is probably no
yeah it feels like in if you're talking
about science we've gotten to there
we're reaching kind of a Heisenberg
limit of Science in terms of scale and
so it feels like the next Frontier is
within is is looking at Consciousness
and all science goes through you know
the Mind Body problem it goes through a
fundamental epistemology yeah of of
Consciousness so do you do you think
that that's somehow super important for
the next scientific Paradigm or
breakthrough or well yeah I mean look
when you ask a computer to do a
calculation
right the computer is has basic
programming is it dos right is it
windows-based is it and that will tell
you the limitations of its processing
capability yeah we're no different we're
just biological computer systems yeah
and we have our limitations we also have
our strengths so this is an interface
it's an interface correct and do you
think the ability to uh move outside of
the interface in certain cases allows
certain people to see UFOs possibly
possibly maybe some of the computers can
work both windows and Doss and because
of that you know UFOs versus not is
there something because so we see
generally between 400 and 700 nanometers
in the electromagnetic wave spectrum is
there some spectrum that spots the UFOs
more
frequently uh I have to be careful
answering that question okay no worries
there's um it's a good question
okay okay I'm saying this not you but I
think uh I think infrared is interesting
look it is yeah infrared can tell you a
whole lot of stuff yeah specific bands
of it yeah
I was contacted by a CEO of a think tank
in Washington DC he says I want you to
come and participate in a conference
here in in Washington I said well
frankly too busy what's it about this
conference is about disclosing something
to the American
public as a startup position
let's assume that there have been crash
revals by Russia China and the United
States and the question is can we bring
this out to the public how put off was
at the soul conference last year and he
told a very interesting story of
actually the George W Bush
Administration where they're doing this
kind of net assessment is oh he told
that he told that story publicly really
yeah in of an audience never thought
that conversation would come out and
it's tele it's you know on YouTube now
so that actually occurred that was a
real conversation I'll bet you you know
what probably not a whole lot of people
know that that YouTube is out there
because when I knew about it it was very
very very very sensitive yeah so he says
some pretty crazy stuff he says that
George W Bush was very interested in
disclosure and he and Cheney and they
were thinking about you know disclosure
and they did this sort of net assessment
study on it with their National Security
bu's father was aware he was briefed
into the UAP director of the CIA for a
very long time correct correct and
there's a backstory there too I'm
probably not at Liberty to discuss but
but George Bush Senior was was briefed
into the UAP reality and so so junior is
interested in possible disclosure they
come out of that study under Steven
Hadley National Security adviser at the
time basically saying that we actually
don't think full disclosure is good for
Humanity the fact that George W bush
contemplated UFO disclosure is fairly
mindblowing it's especially interesting
in light of the Revelation my friend
Walter Kern broke after his conversation
with David grush and I said to him who
among all the people in society is
keeping this secret who sits a top the
Pyramid of classified information he
said Dick
Cheney if Dick Cheney was in fact a
gatekeeper for the Legacy UFO programs
then it leads me to believe that either
the program was trying to out itself
with Cheney's tasset approval or if UFO
disclosure was presented by Outsiders
Cheney probably helped squash the idea
either way this is certainly a loose
thread worthy of followup because we
know George Bush's father George HW Bush
was fully read into UFO Legacy programs
just listen to this anecdote from Lou's
lawyer Daniel shean President Carter
remember had seen a UFO Y in
1969 I believe was and so that when he
was elected in the first week of
November of
19 uh
76 you know the first thing he did was
he sent for the head of the Central
Intelligence Agency to come down to
Plains Georgia to brief him on the UFO
issue and it turns out that person was
George H W
bush do do you agree with that net
assessment do you think that that full
disclosure is too kind of cataclysmic
for the average person well there's
differ between full disclosure and
disclosure you know uh full disclosure
is perhaps you know letting the world
know if we've gleaned any technological
advance from it you know towards our
adversaries I I do think there's a need
to keep things classified um I do think
that there are reasons we don't want to
tip our hand to our technological
advantage over a particular adversary
right we don't want to start another
race you know weapons race um but at the
same time disclosure itself the fact
that we're we are not alone no I think I
think America can handle the truth in
fact I think America deserves the truth
I think we have to do a better job I
think um we as a people need to stop
being spoonfed information from what
certain elements in our government tell
us and again let me let me just clarify
here because this is important I'm not
against my government if I have to ever
choose between real National Security
and disclosure I will always choose
National Security make no mistake and
people oh you're terrible D hey I am I
point I am a patriot I am loyal to my
nation I am loyal to the American people
I mean like it's it's it's kind of a
two-pronged issue it's sort of criminal
to keep the nature of reality from you
know the American population that's sort
of really unethical the fact that stem
students are growing up maybe with the
wrong Frameworks I spoke to how put off
he said that topological physics could
be being held within you know the
government you know that there's physics
knowledge held by aerospace companies
that is not know there certainly is
materials knowledge materials well okay
material sence which involves
topological physics or whatever
that seems a little you know off to me
but then on another level even from a
national security perspective if we have
these programs you take Carl Nell's you
know he set up Army Futures command you
take his statements in the dbrief uh
face value which is that we're in this
arms race to reverse engineer these
crafts Visa Russia and China if we have
this balkanized corporatized system
where these with these foms to avoid
foyer requests that was set up in the
50s and you have all these Aerospace
corporations many of which you've named
in your book locki Northrup you know Bae
all these sorts of you know companies
and we're sort of doing out you know you
you take care of this system you take
care of this system you take care of
this system and then in the Russian
Chinese side they have these centralized
nationalized systems with their best and
brightest working on it how are we not
and call this Manhattan Project 2.0 how
are we not going to lose Manhattan
Project 2.0 yeah correct let me let me
share something with you and you I go
back to the whole corruption thing when
when people in the government are making
unilateral decisions not to inform
congress not to inform the executive
branch and making a decision to keep
this information away from the American
people uh without going through the
proper proper processes you know to make
that decision that's a problem I have
and look we when I ask how did I'm going
to ask you a very simple question both
of you and it's it's a political very
simple how did 911 happen
do we know the how 911 actually happened
I mean not conspiracy I mean honestly
and it we could say because some
terrorists hijacked an
aircraft but what really happened is
that we didn't share information we had
the CIA the FBI the Department of
Defense all had pieces and bits and
pieces of information and they didn't
share it with each other and that's what
caused 9911 okay and that's important
because we won the Cold War against
Russia not because we kept better
secrets and by the way this is a line
that I learned from Christopher melon
who who knows his mhm Chris said um
we didn't win the Cold War because we
kept better secrets in Russia we won the
Cold War because we knew how to move
information more efficiently within our
system right the problem is we haven't
learned our lesson with 9/11 and we're
continuing to do say it's the same thing
with UAP we haven't learned to move that
information appr appropriately and it's
staying in these silos and what's
happening it's it's becoming necrotic
it's the information and and insight is
dying there it's not getting out um and
I think especially when you're looking
at a competitive situation Global
situation like we have now with with
adversaries out there Russia and China
have no problem talking about this yeah
at all in fact China had a couple years
ago in the China Morning Sun an article
about the five continents initiative I
mean they're full still Boogie we
they're like hey we know these things
are we're moving forward yeah countries
in South America same thing Japan just
begged the United States to enter into a
bilateral information sharing agreement
with the United States solely for the
purposes of sharing UAP information it's
crazy I I recently a couple weeks ago I
spoke with uh had a revolutionary former
head of revolutionary technology is at
locked skunkworks and he said I could
say high level that we that we spoke
really nice guy cool guy he's a good
dude I brought up there you go I brought
up uh couple of Frameworks that if you
were to talk to an average you know um
professor in any Science Program across
the country they would call me crazy
parasym matter you sort of talk a little
bit about this in your book imminent
with kind of remote viewing and then I
also brought up this sort of you know
different version of electrodynamics you
know sort of a little change in
Maxwell's equations and he was very like
there's a lot of resonance there he
agreed with me on a lot of this stuff
and I'm having this conversation
thinking how the hell does this like
Renegade Scrappy kid who like it's like
I have a I have a history degree I don't
know and this Aerospace guy we're
agreeing on stuff and then like you have
Sean Carol Neil degrass Tyson like our
best and brightest scientists have no
idea what either of us would be talking
about it's
crazy sometimes knowing history is one
of the most important things you can
[Laughter]
know hear that Mom
they seem to be interested in nuclear
stuff there is an absolute connection to
nuclear yeah absolute and and is it the
that's unequivocal do you think it's the
power unlock more than the destructive
force I
think I'll show you that when I'm not
when I'm not like them yeah no worries
so let's look at this real quick you
have you have the fundamental
understanding of space you have points a
yeah and points B okay now you and I if
I want to drive from let's say here in
Wyoming down to Denver Colorado that's
expressed as a function of distance over
time and I could have gone 400 miles and
it took me 8 hours and I express that
linearly right so here I am near and it
takes me 8 hours but if I had the
ability to warp space time not even that
much you don't have to fold it all you
have to do watch this if you have the
ability to just compress space time a
little bit yeah just a little bit now
watch this right I'm going to show you
this so now mhm my trip from Wyoming to
Denver instead of
taking you know 400 mil in 8 hours I can
do it in 100 miles and I can do it in
one hour right yep but I'm still in the
same universe as you what do I see you
doing I see that you see that I see this
incredible H Scot I see you so thats
observ crazy speeds it's just temporal
mention hacking but it seems you're just
a walk in the park I'm going in slow
motion but me watching you whoa and this
whole Space because this is like this
yeah the object inside that bubble might
actually be much bigger than what we're
seeing yeah so so if uh e equal MC squ
then the only way to get this sort of
SpaceTime metric effect is if you have
enough energy you got it because if you
do it the only two ways to work space
time is with mass or a lot of energy
think of mass and energy as the same
thing mass is ice energy as Steam okay
but they're both water y okay so same
thing kind of here energy and mass have
this relationship so you need to get
plank scale energy or something I cannot
if I use Mass to do this I'm going I
need I need Mass more than the earth I'm
going to perturb everything on the
planet so what's probably happening it's
it's a whole lot of that that is that is
doing that's allowing you to create a
bubble and then do that and some
material that's able to harness that
sort of energy which wow how conf what
would be your confidence level of that
theory being
true I would not have shared that with
you if I wasn't highly confident but
that but how you can't ultimately know
right or you or can you um you know
there's a lot of smart people out there
certainly a lot smarter than me that
have come up with some interesting
scientific models and uh mathematical
formulas that say that could very well
be the case
oap stands for the advanced Aerospace
Weapons Systems application program a
pentagon program that ran from 2007 to
2012 Harry Reid the Senate Majority
Leader from Nevada with a deep personal
interest in UFOs Daniel inway from
Hawaii and Ted Stevens senator from
Alaska who had seen a UFO as a fighter
pilot in World War II all provided a $22
million contract to Bigalow Aerospace to
basically study UFOs and paranormal
phenomena at Skinwalker Ranch but as
we've heard from UFO whistleblower David
grush the original intent of the program
was actually far more ambitious locki
Martin wanted to divest itself from this
material at a specific facility that's
known to me that I provided to the
Inspector General and the idea was if
they made a catcher mitt a security
catcher mitt for this at you know
most serious sa possible the contractor
and the other government customer which
was the Central Intelligence Agency um
for that specific locked material and it
was that they recovered from like
the 50s and stuff and it was like bits
and pieces of of of of like Hall
structure like that so they were
going to Tech transfer it and the 21 or
$22 million was actually for Bigalow
Aerospace to build out you know
facilities in Las Vegas and material
analysis equipment but going back to
that transfer with locki basically the
CIA uh said you to DIA and locked
and it was totally killed so Harry
Reid's request to get the material
transferred to the assap program was
totally killed because of bureaucracy
and kind of fom stuff so ASAP was
actually set up to transfer a UFO held
by locking Martin to a special Access
program to get some Outsider civilian
scientist eyes on it the program was not
initially just set up to study orbs
cattle mutilations and electromagnetic
anomalies on Skinwalker Ranch that's
what it got turned into when the craft
never got successfully transferred this
would explain the program lead rocket
scientist James latsky telling Jeremy
Corbell on his podcast weaponized that
he actually stepped inside the hull of a
craft that was probably the craft that
was going to be trans erred to Assa the
United States government has in its
possession a craft of Unknown Origin and
you are able to access the inside is
that correct
yes it's very important to note that a
lot of people in the general public
implicitly accept oap as the most secret
core UFO program there is they just
released I think by accident how do that
happen it's kona blue you familiar with
this no this is like a UAP program of
some
sort just think about it locked spends
roughly $85 million on a single new F35
fighter jet do you really think that the
same company that builds the F-35 would
only spend $22 million on investigating
an off-world craft they discovered no
absolutely not but say you have an
incredibly secretive UFO program
involving only people who've signed the
most hardcore of ndas as time went on
maybe it would become harder and harder
to get Talent from the outside world
maybe you'd find yourself competing with
Chinese and Russian equivalents that are
far more centrally coordinated and maybe
what you do is set up a limited hangout
whereby you transfer some of that
technology without saying too much about
it to get some outside eyes on it so
that some new physics biology and
Aerospace Talent could look at these
mysterious vehicles and contribute their
input you'd probably learn a few things
this way way number one who is worthy of
being initiated into the program number
two how much money would allow
adversaries to successfully understand
or attempt to reverse engineer a UFO
that they found number three what are
effective ways to throw people off the
trail and number four what are the most
effective but limited information sets
you can give out so that only the most
qualified initiates can discover core
truths the person involved in
transferring this UFO to ASAP was VP of
locking Martin Space Systems Advanced
Technology Center a guy named Jim Ryder
assap was originally intended to skip
out Bigalow Aerospace facilities in Las
Vegas due to a UAP material divestment
plan proposal to assap leadership by
locked Martin Space Systems vice
president Dr James Ryder now deceased I
urge everyone to listen to this talk Jim
Ryder gave called the Garment of God if
you wanted to study certain kinds of
things related to what's called ESP in
the United States you had to hide it
very carefully because you were crazy
and then government didn't want you
people to thinkk they supporting crazy
stuff but if you wanted to do the work
in Russia go right ahead fine here's
your money because they're not caught in
the religion that says it's not possible
I have to say I found myself agreeing
with just about all of his philosophical
and scientific frame works but he says
things you would never expect a prime
defense contractor executive to say he
speaks about love as a physical force
and divine love being the highest
example of that Force he talks about the
law of attraction of extra sensory
perception and psychic abilities of an
electrically polarizable vacuum even of
the relationship of electromagnetism the
human body and healing he even
speculates that gravity is an electric
dipole I highly recommend you listen to
this talk I'm linking it in the
description of this
video one of the stories in imminent
which is maybe the most mind-blowing is
that um you and and some CIA colleagues
you guys have there's a terrorist in
custody and you guys are engaging in
remote viewing protocols and you're
testing out how effective they are you
want to say what happens here it's
absolutely wild yeah um
Hal POF is kind of the The Godfather of
the cia's remote viewing program but
basically it is a fact that the US
government the intelligence Community
were were taking um spies and soldiers
and teaching them to conduct what in the
vacular you call psychic Espionage um
and by the way the Russians had a
program too so it wasn't just us trying
to you know pull something out of thin
air you know again no pun intended but
um so were the so were the Russians and
other countries and there were some very
effective um cases where I mean it was
very very compelling the data I mean
there was no way you could repeat it
without the getting getting those
conclusions without the remote viewers
um so uh I was at the Pentagon um I also
managed when I was running the UFO
program I was running um portions of
Guantanamo Bay involving high value
detainees and um we decided to conduct
an experiment where a few of us would
get into a skiff we had a brown black
lunch and we uh
maybe thought we could try to remove you
um and I had been to uh the Detention
Facility
before uh I gota be really careful what
I say here I I can get a hell of a lot
of trouble
um not
realizing if we were effective or not
and then um lo and behold not too long
later a major news media article came
out I'm not going to say which one um
that detailed this detainee's
experience with uh what apparently the
detainee perceived as
as five white figures over his bed
shaking his
bed and uh so I called a pal PUD off and
I I I told him I said hey boss I you
know um I think we I think we need to
stop because it's now on the front page
of the newspaper I may not been the
front page but one of the front pages of
the of the sections there and uh he kind
of chuckled he says yeah you know there
was another time where um I had told Hal
I said I have a really bad feeling
there's something going to happen with
the DC Metro uh within 90 days and I I
can smell fire and smoke and I'm I'm
very concerned and he said okay we'll
log it and on the 89th day U talk to Hal
about it on the 89th day um there was a
fire fatal fire on the red line of the
metro in DC now with that said listen
that doesn't do as
hell woo woo mumbo jumbo look guys I
think there's a very SCI ific
explanation I think most people can do
it I think probably it's a vestigal
capability uh that we've had for a long
time as a species before we had you know
the the sophistication of verbal
communication um look when two dogs come
into a room there's this non-verbal
communication it's probably something
very similar I think it's probably based
in quantum physics if I had to guess uh
it's we don't quite understand it yet
but it's really not that special you
know a lot of people when you get to a
hotel and you pick up the phone you call
a loved one they like oh my gosh I was
just thinking of you right um probably
something very similar yeah it's but
it's it's wild and it's wild how much
corroboration there actually is for this
working there was you know this woman
named Jessica UTS who's this famous
statistician came in skeptical looking
at all of the kind of Foyd uh Stargate
or Declassified Stargate documents and
she came out of this study saying you
know I think there's something here Ray
Ray Heyman is a skeptic you know like
friends with like James Randy back in
the day was at University of Oregon also
went through everything did we ever do
it the when we were at the uh we did
that yeah okay so you know again can't
be explained yeah but it's real I have a
I have a possible crazy explanation for
it okay maybe this is wrong but whatever
has to be going on has to not attenuate
over space time and you know certain
materials like put off as famous stories
of putting people at the bottom of the
ocean a submarine and they can sort of
remote view stuff from far away and so
what if there is you know this extended
version of electrodynamics like you know
there's this sort of other field where
uh you get certain wave types that
aren't kind of your traditional
transverse herzan wave sure quite
possibly yeah I don't know but that that
might be one possible inroad into this
yeah I mean a lot of people believe it's
it's you know based in in Quantum
quantum entanglement yes uh that human
consciousness may be an actual Quantum
process I'm I'm not a neuroscience
scientist but but some have speculated
that that may be where human
consciousness lies it's an actual
Quantum process which would explain kind
of the understanding of how we interpret
time and what it means in the present
versus the past versus the future and
and how we can potentially perceive
elements of the future in the past as if
it's occurring now yeah in fact like you
know Roger Penrose thought that the
brain was maybe a a Quantum system room
temperature Quantum system right and so
in Quantum Computing you can reverse
Cubit positions uh across Quantum
computation
and so uh even people building quantum
computers think that maybe you can
information back in time in a working
Quantum Compu you know the holographic
Theory to them you know I'm not saying I
I believe it necessarily or I don't but
you know there's interesting elements
there where you have you know in
holographic Theory you have a
threedimensional
representation um of of of of an
existence of reflection that is actually
something else on the opposite end of
the universe and all information there
is there for all time and that um you
know we are living in a in what they
consider some scientists have called a
holographic World um it's called
holographic Theory very interesting um
but you know as we study black holes and
the Event Horizon more we begin to learn
about Hawking radiation and information
being lost versus stored um yeah there
there's some interesting theories out
[Music]
there so you talk about the Colin Elite
this Evangelical Christian group
actually being one of the primary kind
of blockers around U research and then
you even cite a story in iment where
this guy says you know Lucifer is you
know is the his realm is the skies and
you know this stuff is demonic and we
should not study it at all I believe
there was a program at right Airfield
called stack five
st5 and they were doing these kind of
bizarre magical protocols ceremonial
magic and a lot of these people were
CIA people from the Collins Elite and
they came out of that being like this
stuff is demonic and we shouldn't touch
it and maybe the the thing that you've
experienced more of is the Skinwalker
Ranch stuff where people come come out
of you know exper being at Skinwalker
Ranch studying stuff there and they say
stuff follows me around in my home and I
have to rid myself of it I I told you I
went to Skinwalker wrench right after I
saw you a couple years ago I smelled
sulfur and I was like I got to get the
hell out of here yeah and I and I had a
kind of not the best couple weeks after
that and
so again yeah maybe it's the same thing
that we've looked at in the past when it
comes to angels and demons and then the
question is what is that I don't know
you know those are just different noat
but well look if if you're going to go
to the scene of a fire don't be
surprised when you come home and your
your your shirt smells like smoke right
same thing but it may not be necessarily
tangible but you know perhaps there's
there's leftover residue call it that um
you know I think the problem is that we
have done such a good job in taking the
things that we don't understand and
because we don't understand them putting
them tucking them in a corner and saying
it's weird it's bad it's it's paranormal
but when you really look at
what what the word is we we we have
stigmatized that word the reality is is
if the word parah is Latin
it means above or beside that's it and
so when I say parachute what do you
think of you think of a device that
deploys over your head and you float
down and hopefully hit the ground more
with a thump instead of a thud right um
if I say paramedic you think of a first
responder somebody who's good who's in
an ambulance there to save your life but
when I say
paranormal people tend to spooked up
yeah yeah they kind of look at you say
what do you mean they kind of look and
my point is that the word paranormal is
no different than any other word with
par pre pre prefix um we have made it
weird but the truth is everything in
science by definition everything is
Paranormal until it becomes normal right
whether it's a cell phone or or Wi-Fi or
electromagnetic spectrum and things like
that um and so we have to we have to
really do a better job of policing
ourselves and avoiding this unnecessary
stigma this is why I said before you
know tomorrow's technology seems like
magic today you know imagine being Da
Vinci walking in the desert and coming
across a uh a garage door opener right
we hadn't invented plastic back then we
don't even understand what the
electromagnetic spectrum is right or
what a battery is um that's pretty
magical yeah look I I'll tell you right
now true story a lot of us that are
involved in this you know people
scientists right have been now accused
on social media as being um conspiracy
theorists right they they label you as
like a weapon they say you're a
conspiracy theorist no actually
scientist now the people that are
labeling you the conspiracy theorist
that they follow the scientific methods
aren't even scientists right I actually
went to school to be to be scient and I
became a special agent and following the
you know following the leads where they
where they go um but some people have a
really hard time pushing their
boundaries of understanding they allow
other people to formulate their opinions
for them and then they get stuck in and
this why I always say the True Believer
and the true skeptic are exactly the
same person just opposite of the
spectrum because no matter what no
matter in the face of what evidence the
True Believer and the true skeptic are
never going to change right right this
the same person and the skeptic says oh
you got crazy Believers and the believer
say oh you crazy Skeptics it's the same
person it's just you know yeah depending
on on who you ask right because the true
skeptic is actually a True Believer just
in their own narrative and when people
say this stuff is not repeatable that's
just false there to me there are two
patterns that I think are interesting
and I'd love to get your take on this
one is the nuclear
connection according to Robert Hastings
a mutual friend of ours uh who wrote a
great book called UFOs and nukes 100%
he's right he is legit he has his
observations and and his conclusions are
spoton I couldn't talk about it at the
time when I was in the government uh but
we everything he was reporting we saw
yep it was absolutely correct and you
have These Guys these radar operators
you know ICBM missile security Personnel
who they couldn't be the the you know
the last thing from the people who want
15 seconds of Fame they don't get into
that line of work CU they have some
history on attention seeking you know
desire no you don't look you don't you
don't get involved in in in the UFO
topic to to seek fame um you want
ridicule and uh you know right isolation
then then choose UFO topic look here's
the bottom line guys it's it's very
simple it's it's really a binary choice
either a the reality is that UAP are
here and they're doing what they're
doing or B this is some form of mass
hysteria and if it is mass hysteria that
means you have
trained pilots with top secret
clearances flying live Munitions over
populated cities you have weapons
officers uh and you have Air Force
nuclear technicians literally with their
fingers on the nuclear button yeah right
you have Admirals and Generals you have
directors of CIA and directors of
National Intelligence that are all bat
crazy right so choose your poison
yeah yeah yeah yeah is and which which
is a bigger problem well first of all
what's even more scary if it is a mass
delirium yeah then we've got bigger
problems in our hands that's what I tell
people I say if your null hypothesis is
that there's some cabal that is
controlling all of this that's crazier
than just admitting that there's some
sort of intelligence Beyond Humanity
David grush July 26 2023 testified
before Congress American hero American
hero amazing guy and he said and a
friend of ours and he said some pretty
crazy things and one thing that I think
is not often spoken enough about well
let let me just interrupt he may say
what people thinking are crazy things
but he's not crazy I'm telling you right
now I I worked with the guy I can't say
where I've been asked not to say where
we both worked in a skift together he
had every access that you needed to have
and he saw the same information I did so
I am telling you straight up that guy he
knows a lot more even than he was
allowed to say um you know anybody out
there who wants to go ahead and poo poo
Dave and say well you know this
anecdotal no it's not he was oh well he
he talked to 40 some witnesses it's all
secondhand no it's not that's what
that's the only thing he can tell you
but I'm telling you there's a hell of a
lot more that if he was allowed to say
um people wouldn't say that about him
I've gotten to know him pretty well he's
just incredibly smart and hard yeah it's
a tragedy what they did to him you know
it's I'm not surprised they try to do
the same crap to me um you know they try
to dig up anything and everything
fortunately I've had a very very clean
background um but it you know had to
stop them from trying yeah you know and
and grush said
very interesting stuff around uh the
atomic
classification system basically
overlaying UFO
secrecy the guys that were involved in
Manhattan were overlaying the same
ecosystem of secrecy and some of the
same ways to uh protect stuff that they
were protecting our nuclear secrets the
Manhattan Project would have custody of
it and then it would go into the atomic
energy commission and then it would go
into the department of energy which a
strong line of clearances and so it's
not only that UFOs are showing up at
nuclear sites all across the us but
actually you have an entirely different
clearance system the npq there is
brother there's reports right now online
anybody can see them the government
released a bunch of UFO related
documents not too long ago a few years
ago thinking nobody would pay attention
I think like 10,000 reports yeah and
when you look in there you see actual
verbatim UFO incidents back in the 50s
and 60s over the pH Savannah River
facility y over what Oakridge National
Laboratory over what Los Alamos and by
the way it's still happening today right
so um this isn't like oh this is kind of
a new revelation uhuh James McDonald
famous physicist who was kind of very
marginalized over this topic he was at I
think Arizona State I believe he saw his
sighting I think was at Savannah
riversite and it was around them I mean
look at look at the that that poor
Harvard Professor right and and they
they tried to try to get rid of him and
he won a law case John John ma that's
right John Mack who had to go to court
yeah because um the system didn't want
him talking
yeah from my point of view when I got
involved the CIA came to my office and
then they showed me MRIs of some of
these people and most of those people
had interactions with UFOs and these
were Department of Defense and
intelligence people so supposedly and
reasonably credible individuals so in
looking at the MRIs of some of these
people we noticed a area of the brain
that seemed to be disturbed let's say or
different in many of these individuals
this is a part of the brain known as the
quad pamin and it is a very specific
part of the brain it's responsible for
all sorts of stuff and and some have
even speculated precognition uh may but
certainly intuition intuition for sure
you did a great piece with with uh Ross
colart oh thank you he's a good man he's
awesome he's a very good man and he
really knows his stuff he does I'm very
impressed a lot more than he says that's
r d Stanford immunologist Dr Gary Nolan
has been researching this topic and
while his conclusions are not definitive
there are two working theories one that
people with naturally large cordate
paman might attract uaps like an antenna
another that UAP encounters with normal
people cause that same p out of the
brain to get bigger okay so this is a
slide from that news Nation piece and
it's you're you're showing this kind of
white matter syndrome qu that's P yeah
so the the kodate and yeah MRIs and and
Nolan talks about this but if you look
at this look at the white lettering
under interference syndrome injury CEO
executive and then you
have what is that like doe gravity prop
iion what what's going on there I wasn't
really sure how to approach this and
don't want to dwell on it I'm merely the
messenger not the original publisher of
this it was either a up on news
Nation sources part or an intentional
breadcrumb but it answers my old
colleague Eric Weinstein's questions
around UFOs number one where are the
scientists well they might be employed
by the doe and number two is string
theory or quantum gravity really the
only acceptable approach to gravity
these days well my guess is whoever this
propulsion expert is is not using string
theory finally this corroborates Mark
Andre and Ben Horwitz saying that a
National Security Council staffer told
them that elements of physics were
classified in the past we classified a
whole entire areas of physics uh with in
the nuclear era and and made them State
Secrets like of the of the like
theoretical physics yeah science physics
uh we we classified them and made them
State Secrets um and that research
vanished again I wrestled whether
amplifying this slide was the right
thing to do or not but to me it is
obviously not adaptive from an American
National Security standpoint for the
broader American populace to have no
idea that there is a more true science
being practiced within the confines of
three-letter government agencies
especially with where the world is
headed now and then there's that part
yeah that seems important too but I'll
let you speculate there either way a
more full understanding of the story
here and how it relat reles to UFOs
seems
warranted I am only allowed by the
Pentagon to talk about what's in my book
I have not been given clearance to talk
about anything beyond that um and
because that involves a patient that
also crosses the patient confidentiality
which I would also not be able to no
words to elaborate on yep because I was
I was I was thinking keep asking her
questions well yeah I know well don't
don't ask anything you don't have to say
anything but I I was thinking when I saw
that slide
it's almost like the three body problem
or something where it's like we were
just talking about possible like like
the nhi have counter Intel or something
are scientists working on the most
interesting stuff maybe they get
retaliation or backlash because I was
like what's the connection with UAP I
mean he's just working on very Advanced
science did he also encounter UAP and
then is that correlated with the science
well we know that you know it said PRC
visit CEO of uh of of locki had his own
UFO experience didn't he yeah oh that's
fascinating are you you're talking about
um Kelly Johnson that's right yeah at
approximately 5:00 p.m. uh Mr Johnson
was looking out of a large window facing
the west and just watching the sunset he
watched this black thing he was
convinced at this point that it was a
UFO he said it was moving so fast he was
unable to make out any additional
features Kelly Johnson wasn't just your
average guy looking at a cloud going oh
that's a UFO no this guy knows what he's
talking about you know I go to Congress
and and members of Congress will pull me
aside and said look I had my own UFO
sighting with my son literally fishing
in in in a lake and the thing came out
of the
water in your book imnet which is
fantastic and everybody should go by and
read uh you talk about green orbs and
that you see them both with your family
and that they're kind of around your
place in Wyoming we visited you a couple
years ago I don't know if you remember
this do you remember what we're about to
say yeah do you know what we're about to
say I don't but but you know it's um
I've had a pretty uh interesting life
and a lot of things have happened so I'm
bracing myself all fairness by the way
that whole thing with a poodle in the
lampshade there were no pictures it
wasn't me so if that's what you're
getting no no no yeah well this is this
is probably a Tuesday for Lou but we saw
a green orb with you I don't know you
remember that it was it was night time
it was uh and it was kind of a peak I
remember as it being a peak moment in in
like a very genuine conversation about
the phenomenon because it was off he was
describing how uh the sun is a nuclear
fusion reactor and you were going deep
into the science it was fascinating and
then all of a sudden boom right over the
we by the shed yeah and it was like we
had NE I had never I think Jesse had
seen stuff before but I had never seen
anything and I always because it was
only happened in my per my referal
Vision I I always call it half aiding
but when I read when I when I read about
your experiences in the book it really
it came back very strongly because I was
like holy I have experienced what
what he's talking about with him at his
house uh a lot a lot of folks have um
look I I at the end of the day I I can
only give you my observations uh again
my opinion doesn't matter because people
say could it be ball lightning sure s
Elmo fire sure could it be uh weird
electrical
uh circuitry in the house that's causing
I atmospheric ionization in a localized
area and ionizing the atmosphere yeah
sure could be uh what I do know are the
facts that it was witnessed not only by
me and my wife and my kids but also our
neighbors uh but it occurred when I got
into atip and it also was happening to
other individuals that were part of that
program that again definitively same
description in some different colors U
their stories will probably be coming
out here in the near term wow what was
the closest you've experienced an orb
right here oh wow wow with because with
you like the experience that we're
talking about was probably maybe 100 200
meters away it was like even further
than that yeah very very very very close
um some are far away in the sky as you
describ some are right there up close
and personal wow um I never felt
anything never felt any static charge I
was never afraid more just kind of
curious kind of like wow that's
interesting you know but then again my
the whole portfolio was so weird it's
like there's got to be a free like I
don't think maybe and again obviously
you've had experience in some crazy
situations worked some crazy places but
I I can't imagine a human experiencing
something that can only be described as
out of this world this close and for it
to be like ah I just I'm just observing
like when we're off camera I'm going to
show you guys something okay and and
we'll we'll we'll I'll show you
something that
and we we'll see how you react wow wait
wow okay um Lou so uh Dave said that
Dave grush said that uh Oppenheimer was
part of setting up the original UFO
secrecy protocols with the atomic energy
commission uh can you confirm or deny
that I'm I it wouldn't surprise me I I
that was before my time I don't know I
didn't know Oppenheimer uh I met teller
once you met teller yeah when I was a
kid I was about seven years old on a air
Florida uh flight my father uh had some
friends in the government and he uh put
me on a plane with him and we went from
Sarasota to Miami on a air Florida
flight and there was uh he was eating
very old at the time remember sitting
next to him and he was eating chicken
soup no way yeah and I had no idea at
the time his significance only later my
father was like you know he had to have
to me been involved in this stuff if
this stuff exist he's the smartest guy
he you know um there's this 1971
Australian document actually that grush
sites a lot that is this guy I think
it's the head of their nuclear division
this guy Harry turner He's writing for
the joint intelligence organization
which is their CIA and I think they
because there's some Atomic Testing
going on in in Australia they start to
see stuff and they're like oh maybe
these UFOs are more real than meets the
eye and the US kind of official version
of this stuff around Blue Book was
actually not super real and they start
to investigate and it's this whole thing
about the cia's office of scientific
intelligence they lists the scientists
involved in anti-gravity research and
Teller and Oppenheimer are both named
so would not be at all surprised pretty
pretty crazy stuff small community small
community close en couns of the third
time yeah you kind of had to see the
movie before I brought you here 100% oh
yeah I've only seen contact recently too
never seen it oh really you can watch it
I think Carl San was he was kind of
nominally skeptical of a lot of these
UFO stuff but I think he uh maybe
secretly was more of a Believer than he
let on well you know he was the one who
helped put that Golden Disc together
that's now in our extra solar system
right outside of our own solar system M
it's truly an Interstellar space yeah
you know why would he take the time to
create something like that if he didn't
expect someone to look at it one day
right Carl Sean didn't only hold some
covert possibly UFO related meetings the
public didn't know about he also met a
lot with kit green towards the end of
his career who was CIA guy bu into UFOs
yeah you were telling me that I I didn't
know that his early journals are filled
with passages about UFOs and
extraterrestrial life but you might not
know he was a secret consultant on a
project called a119 a top secret Air
Force Project based out of Kirtland Air
Force Base the Project's sole purpose
was to contemplate detonating a nuclear
blast on the moon as a show of force
against the it's America can should must
and will blow up the Moon yes and we'll
be doing it during a full moon so we
make sure we get it all many people
don't know this about Carl Sean I think
it takes just reading his book watching
his videos and watching his incredible
movie contact to know that Carl Sean
knew a little bit more than he let on
when it comes to
[Music]
UFOs where do you think of past
civilization if there were trying to
make themselves known what do you think
they would do leave something in a lran
point or well that's a great question
isn't it let's look at this for example
okay 55 million years old look at the
condition it's in right mhm it's already
eventually Mother Nature washes away all
traces right the pyramids of Egypt 5,000
years old probably older but I don't
know maybe let's say 10 yeah sure let's
say 10 right yeah you think so you think
yeah but what about carbon dating have
they carbon dated anything well you
can't carbon date stone unfortunately um
but it's it's a little more diff only
organic things but yeah but the the
there's water damage on the L the of the
correct there two guys John Anthony West
and Robert shock that think that these
things were sort of built early and then
you were saying well my point being is
that ultimately no matter what you put
on the face of the Earth will eventually
you'll have subduction zones and will
eventually go back into the mantle of
the earth and be recycled so
Earth is not anywhere to leave anything
permanent so then would say what about
the moon how about there's no atmosphere
no erosion how about I built a some sort
of thing on the moon do you think
there's a monolith on the moon well
let's you know hypothetically let's put
an artifact there right yeah that'll be
there forever but even the moon isn't
forever there's going to come a point
where the the sun will become a great
giant right red giant and will engulf
and consume the moon okay so even moons
are susceptible same with asteroid
impact Etc so if you're going to make
something truly enduring truly enduring
there's really only two ways to do it
you either put something out in deep
space where the chances are of it coming
into contact with something or minimal
or biology genetics because genetics is
a fingerprint and that will continue as
long as a species survives and finds
other places to live so will that
message and you can put a lot and the
beauty about DNA is that it
self-replicates yeah so that message in
essence if you code it right could be
there so what's as long as the species
survives so is that I don't know do you
have any leading um candidates for
genetic uh you know uh past past
civilizations leaving their genetic Mark
so again I'm biased because my
background microbiology Immunology
paracytic is a key you know DNA deoxy
ribonucleic
acid but it's not the only key right
there was a time where we as a species
thought all life form had DNA we now
realize that's not the case there's
there's living things that don't look
like a living thing like a like a virus
MH that is about as alien as anything
that we know there is no DNA only RNA
and yet it does the same things we do it
replicates it does a lot of the same
things it defends
itself um and so is you know a virus a
life form well I think some scientists
would say yeah behaves just like a life
form it also gets into the brain stem
and can cause people to act in subtle
ways to promote the replication of the
virus absolutely absolutely yeah like
toxoplasmosis absolutely yeah absolutely
so you know it's uh W what do you think
guys it's
amazing look
here and listen to
that in a weird way it's like similar
heav you've been to Egypt yeah have you
stood it front appearent there's always
a sense that I feel like just standing
up I feel the same way about this it's
like not in
[Music]
reality this is a sp1 very very very
rare
AR15 um it's kind of the unicorn of
AR-15s it sh a 223 caliber I've got
plenty of 223 ammo I'm using iron sights
and I'm doing it for a reason okay iron
sights are the hardest to shoot from but
this is old school if you can shoot with
an iron sight and put bullets on a
Target you can shoot any okay so you've
gotten spoiled now with this laser sight
now we're going to go back to old school
on
sorry so believe it or not with iron
sight you see where those trees are in
the back there yeah 300 M 900 ft for
military she shoot sniper I had to shoot
that every time where the rock is there
way up
there oh yeah I yeah absolutely bro a
common theme Here is we keep talking
about the term National Security and I
know I know you're you're here to
interview me but let let me interview
you just for a moment if I may if I if
you'll indulge
me how do we this is a Sandbox here
right let's say there's a technology now
there's there's a toy that there's 12
kids in the sandbox but there's only one
toy
right um this toy has the ability to let
everybody play together and be nice the
problem is human nature is such
that most kids most governments in this
case using it as an analogy are going to
want that toy for
themselves how do we share the toy how
do we use this because we we know
there's countries out there that if they
had a certain type of Technology they
would probably employ it very quickly uh
to their advantage and I'm not saying we
have never done it because we have I
mean we dropped the bomb we did we're
the only country that's ever dropped the
nuke you know well an atom bomb um and
that was us you know so we like to say
oh we're afraid of it well don't look
now but we did we were the ones who did
it um for good or bad or indiff right
that that's a fact established fact so
so countries will use technology if they
feel that they have to in a time of
conflict
with this type of Technology if we were
to come together and say look we really
can do better as Humanity we don't have
to fight each other right now this is on
the backdrop right now of Hamas and
Israel Ukraine and Russia right we have
issues in Africa we have issues right
now with China and the South China C and
Taiwan and the US and the world is on
fire doesn't matter what side of the
argument you're on I think we can all
agree that the world is a very dangerous
and violent place right now right this
technology has the chance to either
bring us together or completely rip us
apart once and for all right like
there's no coming
back how do you solve that
problem it's a very hard problem to
solve but it's only the hardest problem
to ever you have to you have to raise
people's Consciousness in step with slow
dissemination of the thing or something
but how do you stop that Temptation
because all it takes is one selfish kid
to ruin it for the rest remember one kid
no it's my toy probably just show them
the the good ways in which this
technology could be used before you even
just tell them that it exist who who
does that who's going to take the moral
high road and say I give to you this
technology and you shall use it for
peaceful
means who has that who has that moral
Authority who's Trust trusted enough in
the world to do that and to say you will
use it for this but not for that who I
think it's probably going to be just a
collective move and something that is
like an emergent property of a lot
of good people with good minds and good
Hearts coming together to who is that
the United Nations I think it's is it is
it is it Society at large well this
maybe the nhi maybe the entities
themselves I mean we were with James Fox
the other week in Austin great guy and I
was talking to him and he was like I'm
making all these documentaries and the
thing that has come up after Decades of
doing research on the UFO subject
whenever I'm about to find Smoking Gun
proof of UFOs I have you know a video
here a picture here you know an amazing
eyewitness the thing disappears there's
some like ephemeral bizarre thing about
that and then if you we're talking about
the nuclear connection as well it's
almost like there is a counter Intel on
the part of the nhi themselves where
it's like Mass surveillance and it is it
is there right when it needs to be there
and things will disappear and it's our
most precious assets it's our nuclear
assets they'll get by our most intense
encryption from the NSA and so that my
answer to that would be like there's
it's like the three body problem they
know we're going to blow ourselves up so
they clamp down on the science and
they're responsible for a lot of the
produ
would Humanity be okay with an Overlord
an nhi Babysitter Is that freedom are
you really free then if an nhi were to
come down and say okay folks this is a
reality ha haa we've been kind of
playing with you a little bit but here's
reality you're all going to play well
with each other you're all going to be
able to to enjoy this free energy and
whatnot um but uh you're going to play
by our rules now what happens now what
happens to to Free Will at that point
humanity is faced with the reality
potentially that we're not the alpha
species right and now that we have to do
what something or someone else tells us
to do is that free manifestation is that
the ability for us to to live our lives
the way we want to live our lives or the
way we are told to live our lives but
isn't isn't that already happening in
some version of reality with people
believing that you know end of the world
is is upon us and our look govern all
the time told what to do all the time by
governments and religion and
institutions organizations Social Clubs
absolutely ptas I mean I can't tell you
how many societies are out there that
you know um tell you how to live your
life well I mean look and they're not
all bad but we're in a place right now
that has specific rules on you know how
one should live their life but wouldn't
these entity I thought this is what I
thought you were going to say aren't
they already in control and it's just
about our awareness of whether they're
control or not I I once I got breakfast
with Tom dong who I know you worked with
that to the Stars Academy and he was
saying that um he thought that a lot of
these nhi are not great and that they
are like archons from the kind of
Gnostic tradition and they kind of rule
over the material world sort of thing I
you know I
I I'm always very careful not to share
my opinion because my opinion doesn't
matter at the end of the day what
matters is your opinions it's again back
to the question I had about this little
sandbox right you've got this
double-edged sword you want to be able
to give it to everybody but not body's
going to play little children are very
nice to each other and we still I mean
like I said look at today's right now
around the world the world's on fire we
still don't play well with each other
are we ready and I'm and and it's not a
yes or no I mean I don't know you answer
the way are we
ready truly ready for the truth to come
out will we do the right thing or will
we do what we have always done in the
past always there's not one exception
where we
didn't you use it against one
another I'd like to believe that it's
that that we will make a better choice I
think can we take a chance are you
willing to take a chance on
it the hyp the specifics matter in this
hypothetical yeah they do they do no but
you understand where I'm going with this
right so there we're talking now we're
not we're Beyond really the yeah the
everybody says well I want to know the
truth okay but but how much of the truth
do you want to know and how much should
we know and then what do we do with it
and be trusted with it right so there's
a there's a cascading series of
questions that come after that
philosophically speaking and you know it
goes back down to the point where in the
original conversation that Hal POF
discussed with you about publicly I
can't believe he did that about the
White House in 2004 are we ready to tell
the American people the truth about
[Music]
UFOs y yep
[Applause]
you know until recently I'd never seen
Close Encounters the Third Kind I found
it really interesting that Spielberg got
a lot of it right well I was like wow
was his consultant oh was it heck doing
that know in it but did he actually give
and Jo Val I guess he was H's assistant
for a while I mean I found that
fascinating that I was like wow some of
these observables are like textbook
right out of he has radiation damage
he's that's right yeah that's right one
piece of that movie outside of there
being crates that say TRW and Skunk
Works that I think are pretty pretty
fascinating around this topic is um out
of the craft not only are these gray
aliens but World War II soldiers come
out of the craft and there's actually a
conversation that Steven Spielberg who
probably knew a lot about this topic you
know grew up writing about this stuff so
clearly very into UFOs he had a
conversation with this guy Robert
leafield I think the the um creator of
Deadpool and he says what do you think
is more likely is it future versions of
ourselves guarding Us in the present or
is it you know random you know aliens
from Zeta reticuli or whatever and so
that was that was his View and if you
look at a lot of the databases like the
Edgar Mitchell database over 50% of the
cases uh report hominid like creatures
sure and so the likelihood of
evolutionary convergence on random XYZ
planet with totally different conditions
feels very low compared to you know
you're seeing a thing that looks like us
in fact you're seeing a thing in a gray
alien that looks like what we are
evolving into our ears and nose are
becoming vestigal our heads are becoming
selected for so I guess unless they're
trying to just give us a form that can
be closer to our understanding of what a
living being is like if a jellyfish why
like that but why not just look like us
that's fair that's fair do you think
that we'll ever have time travel in our
lifetime and the reason I ask is because
there's a guy named Mike Masters I don't
know if you're familiar with him he's a
an evolutionary biologist at Montana
Tech uh University and he's written a
couple of interesting books one called
identified flying objects another one
called EXT tempests and it's about this
idea that actually if you used basic
inductive logic around the UFO phenomena
it's more likely us from the future uh
or us time traveling versions of us than
it is
extraterrestrials so so the problem with
time travel is that in our current
understanding of physics in the universe
you can only have the the
the the mass in the universe is
definitive matter there's only so much
matter um or energy there's there's
there's a there's a limit it is it is
what it is from the beginning to the end
that doesn't change you convert
ultimately matter into energy but
there's only so much of it and if I were
to go back back in time even just me uh
go back even 5 minutes ago I'd be going
into a universe where the mass was X and
now it's X Plus L even though there's
because there's already a l back there
technically so you would have to figure
out a way to overcome that two two
possible ways to overcome that issue one
is if the universe is information
theoretic or something that would be one
so it's sort of computational cor
correct especially like in a holographic
holographic correct correct and then
number two would be if we are sort of
our own universes unto ourselves and we
have consistent lifelines but we can t
time travel the whole thing sort of
updates back around us sure as we are
sort of the universe viewing itself
right is time travel possible I don't
know you know in quantum physics when
you get down to space time at the very
very small level the notion of SpaceTime
breaks down entirely same thing in let's
say a black hole right once you get past
that events when you get towards it
Singularity space and time is Twisted so
much and and and that the very notion of
SpaceTime breaks down it doesn't make
sense it's
nonsensical well first of all what is
time let's let's look at in reality what
is time what is matter even right time
is a
measurement that it takes to travel from
point A to point B yeah that is the
definition of time okay what is matter
matter is
in essence something that occupies space
yeah then you have to ask a question but
you can not travel distance and time
will still persist biology will still
DEC actually that depends no if you have
to the total the universe you have total
static Universe time does not exist the
only way time exists is if you have a
comparison of motion so once the
universe one of the theories that the
universe will eventually expand expand
expand and then eventually every thing
in even the atoms the electrons will
stop spinning and when that occurs on
the last atom in the farthest reach of
the universe time stops because there's
no way to measure time anymore so let's
start with a fundamental basic question
of matter because you met time can only
be measured with a motion of matter to
some degree so what is matter and what
is space well matter occupies space can
you have space without matter yes can
you have matter without space no there
must be something for matter to exist
within now let's say
hypothetically Amar pops into the
universe nothing around him here I am
universe but I don't know what the
universe is because there's nothing else
to compare it to it's just empty space
right all of a sudden now you pop into
the universe and you see a r right now
you have no idea the notion of distance
or scale with just two things in the
universe because you both could be the
size of an atom or you both could be the
size of galaxies there's no way to
compare right and same with distance you
know that he's there but is there 10
light years or is it 10et or is it 10 in
right only when a Mars starts to move
from you mhm you can start saying
there's motion but you still don't know
speed yeah or distance you just see
motion now all of a sudden I pop into
the reality now there's three of us yeah
right and now you can start for the
first time looking at scalability he
Amar can compare me to you and say Lou
is onethird denser than you you are
onethird taller than I am right and in
comparison then Amar can look at himself
okay and I'm kind of somewhere in the
middle there's some baseline and that
becomes a unit of measurement exactly
exactly but the question I have is if
you just leave biology sort of in
existence it will de like T there's no
yes enop and entropy but but that
doesn't mean necessarily when when that
decay is complete meaning all motions
stops MH that's what decay is it's the
movement of of of separation of of of
matter atoms from each other right
that's Decay or decomposition but when
that stops and I mean stops even at the
at the atomic level electrons cease to
spin around the nucleus of an atom time
stops there's no reference for time
there's no way to measure it time
doesn't keep going because there's no
reference to measure it it it now
becomes nonsensical yeah and so that and
and there is part of the problem about
time because time to some degree is is a
invention of human beings it is that
fourth dimension you have
threedimensional space yeah time being a
function of the fourth dimension but
time is relative and we now know that
through Einstein observations relativity
looking at for example geosynchronous
satellites that are orbiting the Earth
the atomic cesium clock that is on that
spacecraft runs distinctly different
than the than the ground station clock
even though it's the exact same atomic
cium clock and that's because the the
mass of Earth is affecting the ground
station clock more than yeah more than
the spacecraft up there it with you're
moving effect right that's right well
moving as well so so we really need to
understand what is matter what is space
and what is time those are the
fundamental real elements of of the
universe forget about particles yeah
just just the notion of space matter or
mass time how put off thinks that maybe
uh the way these crafts UFOs move is by
manipulating the SpaceTime metric
through promoting gravity uh basically
from a constant to a field variable
correct correct do you think that that's
possible that's that's what we were
looking at a tip uhhuh that's absolutely
the fundamental Theory that's not a
possibility that's that's EX what the
mathematical formulas are are are are
[Music]
suggesting you think in some ways there
you know like the the idea of signature
management like there's some way in
which the what's being recollected is
sort of uh managed in some way or
mediated rather you know some people
some people have speculated that when
you look at the old UFO pictures and
compare them today there's an evolution
in that people are seeing what is in
their current construct for them to
understand yeah um others suggest now
that these technical vehicles have been
around for a very long time um one of
the photos you showed me there I was a
little bit skeptical of the one that
shows him in like a little rocket ship
because when you look at the back end by
the way there's been a lot of hoaxes
that have come out when you look at the
end of that rocket ship there's a a cone
like this an exhaust cone that is for
rocket propelled combustion mhm uaps
don't use that visible prop what do you
guys think about this topic from your
perspective and and your views on how
this is now playing out on the
international scale this the
international stage of this conversation
well I see two I see two things one is
that it's just it's this cynical kind of
condescending treatment of the American
people that they just can't think for
themselves they can't handle the truth
and I actually think a lot of the world
right now you know Rel organized
religion is in Decline and to your point
Lou these this this fact this greater
ontological truth is marrying the
religion of today which is really
science with past religions because
we're looking at something that is
observable in a modern context in the
form of uaps this is studi but then it
comports with all these religious texts
and actually a more magical version of
the universe that you know is much
easier it's it's the way Skeptics the
way Christopher Hitchens and Bill you
know these sorts Sam Harris right off
religion so I think this kind of lame
low energy you know early Cold War
thinking that it would just be too
destabilizing is just dumb at this point
and then there's the side of American
National Security which is equally
absurd it's equally like if in the world
in which this is real which I'm pretty
bought into this being real uh it's like
you have this cargo cult of National
Security apparatus where the left hand
can't talk to the right hand nobody has
the proper scientific Frameworks and I I
it's like I get deep into some of these
things and like I don't I feel
uncomfortable reporting on some of the
stuff that I learned because I'm like is
there anybody there like I'm not trying
to poke a hornet's nest
gratuitously I just want the whole thing
to shift in a way that's more
coordinated for our national security
because I'm very pro- Amer and so that
frustrates me CU it's like there's no
one to talk to like who's in charge like
what's going on there clearly have been
efforts in the past Allah ttsa to like
get this stuff out you know in a safe
way and I actually empathize with some
of these people who are involved in in
in those efforts because they're not the
president of the United States and it's
and they were tasked by three-letter
agencies to do things that they didn't
really want to do you know years ago um
but like it's it's it's too little and
and and too late or something like we
need to do it now and we need to just
kind of like reorganize all this stuff
so it's like those two things like
personal meaning and you know the way
everybody should comport themselves and
and live their lives and view religion
and metaphysics and then this other
thing is this American national security
thing which is it's a tragedy like I I
don't understand what's going on there
as someone who is Guided by the phrase
seek discomfort in my life I think this
is probably one of the greatest ways one
can seek discomfort to just like
reconsider these assumptions that we've
made about about reality and what this
could all be
there is perhaps no better demonstration
of the Folly of Human
conceits Than This distant
image to me it underscores our
responsibility to deal more kindly with
one another and to preserve and cherish
the pale blue dot the only home we've
ever known
I think we've reached the level of
maturity that that a part of the reason
of that the you know the phenomenon is
is becoming a mainstream topic and more
and more people are getting are becoming
aware of it is because I think we have
we are getting there as like in terms of
our Collective Consciousness and more
people are waking up and I think events
like Co have accelerated that by by by a
whole lot that now you know trust in
government is an all is at an all-time
low trust in in Ma and mass media is it
an all time low and I think people are
just realizing that government lies all
the time and you know you have and you
know why because Government is made of
people yeah Government is made of people
people lie there's something that that
people deceive there's something that
came to my mind when you were asking
that question it was uh Terence McKenna
talking about one time he the mushrooms
told him that we what we're going
through is uh right now is is like the
final step before we venture into the
into the Stars yeah breakthrough and
it's like it's a fire in a mad house and
just all this chaos is happening because
you know we're in the precipice of of
just a massive paradigm shift and I
that's what it like intuitively and
inside of me it's even part of my
interest in me pursuing this topic is
because I really feel like we're at the
cusp of something really major happening
and and a part of that is you know your
efforts and you know throughout the past
two decades and 2017 with just putting
the the videos in a on a platform that
was you know perceived as a as a trusted
one as the New York Times and that Story
coming out has definitely was the
beginning of the shift that were that
allows us to be sitting with youday I I
don't I think I think you guys are the
reasons why we're having this
conversation because it could have fell
in deaf ears and nobody would care my
generation didn't care that much yours
did you're the reason why this topic is
where it is today not me I may have you
know struck the match but this bonfire
this Wildfire that's you guys you guys
are the wind you guys have taken that
little look fires are made all the time
and they go nowhere they're extinguished
with the next rain or they're
extinguished because you don't have
enough Tinder they don't have enough
oxygen this is a a raging Wildfire now
and it's not because of me I can't take
credit for that that's because of what
your generation has done with it's what
you and if if strength if if there's
strength and numbers then I I think our
numbers are pretty damn good like I
think there's way more good people that
want good things to happen with
disclosure and with more people being
aware that the reality is so much
greater than we than we ever thought and
also the dissemination of information is
now exists in a way that it cannot be
controlled and I think this is the the
new variable that that hasn't existed in
you know in the previous decades as this
topic became you know as the secrecy of
the topic became more and more uh like a
confirmed so so I think now you can't
you can't stop a United pilot from
posting a Tik Tok saying that he just
saw something crazy in you know like and
I think if what was it last week two
pilots in Saudi Arabia are flying and
and they saw some crazy orb action this
they like this is not a plane and it's
and they're like right there they upload
the video as soon as they land and I
think those are the things that just you
know the US government or any government
that didn't have to deal with 20 years
ago I will also say too I think the you
know societ in some cases I think has
gotten I hate to say the word Dumber in
some cases but I will also tell you I
think it's also gotten a hell a lot
smarter when I was your age to have a
conversation like this I I was too busy
chasing girls working as a bouncer you
know here we are three people in our
nation's
capital having a conversation what may
be the
quintessential topic of humanity
and the where we go as
Society forward is in your hands um and
so for things like that and your
audience's hands um when I when I get to
meet and engage with people like you and
and your
audience it gives me Faith it restores
my faith um in in our species because
you guys and your your audience your
generation are excuse a pun but Lighty
years ahead of where where my generation
was um and for that it gives me a lot of
hope that maybe we can handle the truth
maybe maybe you know what maybe we can
find a way where the kids in the sandbox
can play together right if you can't
give the you can't break the toy in 12
pieces maybe you put it in the middle of
the sandbox and rather than letting
every child takes turns playing with it
you make a game where all the kids play
with it at once M right so you don't to
divide the toy so that's what I was kind
of hoping we could get to in this
conversation is you know you have 12
kids in the sandbox you've got one toy
how do you share it yeah has be
simultaneous simult you don't share it
what you do is you create the game where
all of them get to play with it at the
same time and that's how you do
it are you exhausted of just talking
about this and and and spending the last
few years of your life just being so
deep in it that probably
the way you like I would assume like the
it's almost like Connections in your
life to other human beings are probably
predominantly led by the topic like does
it does it ever get to you on a personal
level
wow
uh yeah but not in the way that you
might
think I'm pretty tired I'm I'm I'm
I'm physically mentally emotionally
I don't know how much more I have U
because it's been a multif front battle
for me it's not just a esoteric
conversation it's a conversation that
that the stakes couldn't be higher and
there are elements there that don't want
me to have a conversation at all and I
working very hard to keep me quiet and
um you know there's days I wake up
honestly and say I made a mistake I
never should have did it I never should
have come out and told
people and then there's other times I
wake up and get to talk to people like
you and I say okay it's worth it it's
worth it no matter what happens to me
it's worth it uh but at the end of the
day dude I'm just human you know and I'm
not perfect and I I get tired like
everybody else I get cranky and angry
like everybody else and you know um I
think my biggest concern is a lot of
people look at me and and they
ascribe a trait to me that's first of
all
undeserving um and um and not earned you
know they like oh lose this this guy has
got this you know super insight and and
intellect and I don't just as lost and
confused as everybody else he just
happened to have access to some
information that I think is is worth
telling because you know was given a job
and the results of that were very you
know I think very very important for for
us to communicate to our our fellow men
and women our fellow citizens but I
don't have all the answers you know I'm
on the same Journey as you you know and
people look at me as you know almost
like Moses on the mountain right you
know let's ask Lou let's confer with a
great Oracle I'm not that
guy I'm not that guy I'm I'm I'm I'm
down on the mountain off the mountain
with you I'm I'm I'm we're shoulder Tosh
shoulder man that's you know I'm looking
for answers just like
you and um you know always being true to
yourself and being honest being able to
admit that and tell people a lot of
people think well you know the people
you have all the answers well yes I have
all the answers you know what I am
special and dog on it I I deserve to be
treated special and that's all horeshit
that's the ego and and you you gotta you
got to get rid of that you know
this conversation is is far more
profound far more important and it can't
be about any single one person I'm just
a messenger man and that's it you know
don't confuse the message with the
messenger because I'm I'm I am far from
perfect I I am not I've made a lot of
mistakes in my life a lot of regrets I
have um you know that's what makes me
healing you know
so
yeah Lou are you
hopeful I have two daughters um the
greatest accomplishment and create and
and have the greatest accomplishment of
My Life
um I will never come close to ever doing
anything like that again um I have to be
hopeful
for
them even if there's some cynicism in me
I have to you know I often tell people
um I love Humanity it's humans I don't
like because on an individual basis it
can be very selfish and mean and
spiteful and you know but Humanity r
large I love I love you know a lot of my
feed on on on social media is really
it's uh it sounds silly it's
embarrassing but it's it's looking at
dogs and cats and animals doing funny
things and and and and and communicating
with their owners you know that to me is
is that gives me hope you know you can
turn on the news and see all sorts of
terrible things all day long but then
there are some sites where you can turn
on to and all of a sudden it's just it's
just real Joy right and and what is Joy
well ultimately at the end of the day
it's one of the univer it's it's it's
it's tied to one of the most important
things in the universe which is Love
Without Love there's no purpose do you
think do you think that's the reason
whoever they are interested in us do you
think it has something to do with our
capacity for love I couldn't tell you
cuz there's there's just always a
specific um interview that actually Dr
John Mack uh conducted with some of the
witnesses from the the aerial school and
it's uh this girl from Zimbabwe that was
recounting her experience and he goes to
kind of like try to get her perspective
for why she thinks uh the visitors were
were there that she interacted with face
to face and she had had telepathic
downloads and she goes I think in space
there is no love but down here there is
and and I remember the first time I
watched that I like completely broke
down hearing it because something in it
just felt like like truth to me love
is love is life and and the reason why
we live is to love I believe now the
problem is in the absence of Love there
is fear and fear drives many things it
drives hatred and animosity and
violence but love is the opposite love
is is for me the reason why we even
exist without it there is no purpose
there's no reason it's it's we are
automatons we are we
are chemicals put together in a soup and
that's it um Love is what What Gives
Life
Meaning um and I say that because I've
seen both both the best of man and the
worst of
man all within second of each other
um you know it's a shame because on the
one hand I I spent so much of my time
ripping apart you know people in
Conflict um I would like to spend the
rest of my life helping put people back
together love is very is it is the most
important thing out
there if you were speaking to the
average stem student science and
engineering student in America knowing
what you know how would you tell them to
navigate middle school high school
college and study the world given the
reality of
UFOs in an academic
context because they're probably given
the wrong Frameworks I would say
sometimes to see clearly you have to
close your
eyes
um study not only with your mind but
study with your
heart because that emotional part of us
is just as important if not even more
important than our
intellect um if you want to understand
what's going on out there you have to
first understand what's going on in here
there's no way around it there's no
shortcut wow the word imminent you know
you write actually in the forward of the
book you say this is not mean meant that
there's you know some sort of imminent
threat necessarily but I I'm not going
to lie when I spend time with you we've
spent a decent amount of time together I
get the sense that you're sitting on
things that feel like very hard truths
it feels like
your uh existence like you want to say
more and you feel like you are uh you're
you're holding it together and uh that's
a tough spot to be in and so to the
extent you can talk about what might be
imminent what is
imminent time is not a luxury
that we can
afford we we the time has come we need
to start having the conversation
collectively we should should have had
it a while ago but we we really need
to we really need to start having a
conversation I can't think of a better
note to yeah end on awesome guys it's
been an honor and privilege Absolut
honor for us really appreciate L
absolutely
brother be all right man you got it
brother thank you for what you guys do
man thank you that was awesome you got
it thanks for tuning into this episode
let me know what you thought in the
comments and a final announcement if you
are worthy and have made it to this
point in the video I am starting a
Discord the link is
discord.gg Jessy Michels Michaels with
no a please join it we're going to be
talking about all sorts of crazy stuff
secret science core UFO truths and the
nature of reality we explored a lot of
themes with Lou in this interview but if
there's a particularly important one
that I'd like to emphasize it's that the
leftand path allying oneself with
Supernatural forces without the proper
intention almost always ends badly it
certainly did for Jack Parsons father of
the American Space Program who blew
himself up but it did for faou and it
did for Prometheus before him seeking
Forbidden Knowledge and getting burned
is perhaps the most primordial human
story seeking the grace of God on the
other hand is always available and
infinitely more powerful this recalls a
quote from the 19th century French
author Charles bodair who wrote that the
greatest trick the devil ever told was
convincing the world he does not exist
my favorite variation of that quote is
the Renee Gerard version the second
trick of the devil is convincing you he
does while Lou hints sometimes that the
world is surrounded by entities that we
may consider not super great or bad they
are often paper thin and only as
powerful as you make them so focus on
the right things until next week my
name's Jesse Michaels thank you for
tuning
in I'm okay with the idea that you know
in my lifetime I'm not going to have all
the answers and that's okay because
that's what makes life worth living